docs: update Flutter docs/ guides/ examples to reflect the new `Skip nonce checks` option for Google login (#18697)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/auth/social-login/auth-google.mdx

    ## Using Native Sign in with Google in Flutter

>     Native Google sign in with Supabase is done through [google_sign_in](https://pub.dev/packages/google_sign_in) package for iOS and Android. Follow the instructions on [google_sign_in](https://pub.dev/packages/google_sign_in) package for plugin specific settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Native Google sign in with Supabase is done through the [google_sign_in](https://pub.dev/packages/google_sign_in) package for iOS and Android. Follow the instructions on the [google_sign_in](https://pub.dev/packages/google_sign_in) package for plugin specific settings.
```

      ///
      /// Web Client ID that you registered with Google Cloud.
      const webClientId = 'my-web.apps.googleusercontent.com';

      /// TODO: update the iOS client ID with your own.
      ///
      /// iOS Client ID that you registered with Google Cloud.
      const iosClientId = 'my-ios.apps.googleusercontent.com';

      // Google sign in on Android will work without providing the Android
      // Client ID registered on Google Cloud.

      final GoogleSignIn googleSignIn = GoogleSignIn(
        clientId: iosClientId,
        serverClientId: webClientId,
      );
      final googleUser = await googleSignIn.signIn();
      final googleAuth = await googleUser!.authentication;
      final accessToken = googleAuth.accessToken;
      final idToken = googleAuth.idToken;

      if (accessToken == null) {
        throw 'No Access Token found.';
      }
      if (idToken == null) {
        throw 'No ID Token found.';
      }

      return supabase.auth.signInWithIdToken(
        provider: Provider.google,
        idToken: idToken,
        accessToken: accessToken,
      );
    }
    ...
    ```

    ### Configuration [#flutter-configuration-native-app]

>     1. Configure OAuth credentials for your Google Cloud project in the [Credentials](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/credentials) page of the console. When creating a new OAuth client ID, choose _Android_ or _iOS_ depending on the mobile operating system your app is built for. We also need to create a web client ID as well for either one of the platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Configure OAuth credentials for your Google Cloud project in the [Credentials](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/credentials) page of the console. When creating a new OAuth client ID, choose _Android_ or _iOS_ depending on the mobile operating system your app is built for. Also create a web client ID.
```

    - For Android, use the instructions on screen to provide the SHA-1 certificate fingerprint used to sign your Android app. You also need to create a web client ID to perform Google sign in on Android.
    - For iOS, use the instructions on screen to provide the app Bundle ID, and App Store ID and Team ID if the app is already published on the Apple AppStore.

    2. Configure the [OAuth Consent Screen](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/credentials/consent). This information is shown to the user when giving consent to your app. In particular, make sure you have set up links to your app's privacy policy and terms of service.

>     3. Finally, add the web client ID from step 1 in the [Google provider on the Supabase Dashboard](https://supabase.com/dashboard/project/_/auth/providers), under _Authorized Client IDs_. No need to add the Android or iOS client ID here. Also turn on the `Skip nonce check` option. This would allow us to perform Google sign in on iOS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. Finally, add the web client ID from step 1 in the [Google provider on the Supabase Dashboard](https://supabase.com/dashboard/project/_/auth/providers), under _Authorized Client IDs_. You do not need to add the Android or iOS client ID here. If you need iOS support, enable the `Skip nonce check` option.
```
